Update internal docs (#97)
grafana/faro-web-sdk: docs/sources/developer/architecture/components/api.md

# API

The Faro API is the primary interface for end-users to interact with Faro. It is the central collector of signals, and

> also exposes helper methods for extensions such as metas.

Reviewer: Maybe do a brief description of 'signals' stands for

Author: This should be part of another set of docs as this set refers only to the internal architecture of the core package.

> sent to but it also contains helpers methods for other components like metas.

Reviewer 2: nit: a couple of minor suggestions:
> It is the central place where signals are sent [~to~], but it also contains helper[~s~] methods for other components like metas.
-'where signals are sent' (no need for 'sent to', 'to' is implied.)
-'helper methods' (was 'helpers' methods, pluralisation for something like 'helper methods' happens once at the end. You can have 'helpers').

How about:
```
It is the central collector of signals, and also exposes helper methods for extensions such as metas.
```
?

## Signals

### Events

> Events are signals related to tracking various actions like mouse clicks as well as other events like transitioning to

Reviewer 2: suggestion:
```
Events are signals that can be used to record [monitor?track?] user interactions, such as mouse clicks, page navigation, or client-side application events.
```

another page.

Methods:

- `pushEvent` - sends an event

> ### Exceptions

Reviewer 2: See below - question around whether ###Errors or ###Error Reporting would be the right terminology (or not)

Author: TBD later

Exceptions are signals that are represented by errors which occurred in an app.

> When an exception is sent, the API will pass it through a stacktrace parser to extract the relevant information from it.

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit confusing imo

```suggestion
When an exception is injected by the API, its minified stacktrace will be transformed to the original source, in order to extract relevant information from it.
```

Author: Nope.

The exception is not injected, but it is "sent" using `sendError` method.
The stacktrace parser does not receive a minified stacktrace but the original source. It is actually parsing the original source to extract the filename, the function name, the col number and line number.

By default, the core package does not contain any stacktrace parsers and they are either provided by wrapper packages

> like `web-sdk` or by the user.

Author: Yeah. It's mentioned by the folder name from the `packages` folder.

Methods:

- `changeStacktraceParser` - replaces the existing stacktrace parser with a new one
- `getStacktraceParser` - returns the current stacktrace parser

> - `pushError` - sends an exception

Reviewer 2: nit: sends an error? or should the method be named `sendException`? (I'd lean towards 'sendError')

I've a more general question around whether we should say "Error" consistently, or "Exception" consistently.
The design doc is titled "Error Awareness", should this section be titled ### Errors or ### Error Reporting?

Author: TBD at a later time

### Logs

> Logs are signals which capture events that happen within the app itself. They do not have a business meaning but a

Reviewer 2: nit: instead of "they do not have a business meaning", how about "They may be generated as a side-effect of a service's business logic[...]"?

Author: Here I wanted to make it clear that logs are not related to business logic. Keeping it short will shed some light way faster for devs.

> Logs are signals which capture events that happen within the app itself. They do not have a business meaning but they

Reviewer: I think this is a bit of redundant information. I am sure everyone is familiar with what a log is

Author: Let's keep it for consistency as we describe all other types of signals as well.

> technical meaning.

Reviewer 2: nit: maybe "technical meaning" could be replaced with "have use for operators as a means of troubleshooting or observing historic (or current) application behaviour"

Methods:

- `pushLog` - sends a log

> ### Measurements

Reviewer 2: Completely uninformed feedback from me - are "Measurements" be "Metrics" synonyms / different names for the same thing? If Measurements is preferred over Metrics, please ignore - just thought I'd ask so I could learn 👍

Author: Yup. TBD later on the terminology.

Measurements are signals which can be seen as metrics.

Methods:

- `pushMeasurement` - sends a measurement

### Traces

Traces are a special type of signal which are used to track the behaviour of an app. Because Faro does not have an

> internal tracing mechanism, we rely on OpenTelemetry's tracing mechanism to provide this functionality. However,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
internal tracing mechanism, we rely on OpenTelemetry's tracing library to provide this functionality. However,
```

OpenTelemetry is quite a heavy system and we do not want to force users to use it. Therefore, the traces API is

> pretty simple because all the logic is externalized to other packages like `web-tracing`.

Reviewer 2: nit: what are we trying to convey here? Maybe we can link to a document that explains "tracing api is via OTel to provide maximum flexibility to users. see here for otel tracing information, or here (link to otel tracing providers such as web-tracing(?)).

Author: This will come in a separate document. Currently we present only the core components (aka `core` package).

> OpenTelemetry is quite a heavy system and we do not want to force users to use it. Therefore, the traces API is

Reviewer: Give a small explanation of what heavy is (computing power, size)

Author: I think this is out of scope for this particular set of docs. This should be part of another set of docs where we describe the `web-tracing` package.

Methods:

- `getOTEL` - returns the OpenTelemetry instance if it is initialized
- `getTraceContext` - return the OpenTelemetry context API
- `initOTEL` - initializes the OpenTelemetry instance
- `isOTELInitialized` - returns whether the OpenTelemetry instance is initialized

> - `pushTraces` - sends traces

Reviewer 2: Just an observation - this is `pushTraces`, not `pushTrace` - does it send multiple?
(I ask because other api methods send "event", "error", "log", "measurement" - is this is a batch API?)

Author: Yup. Usually traces are coming in batch compared to errors, logs etc.

## Helpers

### Metas

Metas API leverages the metas SDK to provide a simple interface to interact with metas since the SDK is extremely
barebones.

> Methods:

Reviewer: Add a link to the definition of metas
